The Philosophy: How to use AI

You are right to be wary. If you ask an AI to "write a linked list," you learn nothing. If you use it to explain a specific error message or to visualize a concept you're stuck on, you're a scientist using a microscope.

    The Rule: You can ask me for concepts or to "check your math," but try to write the logic yourself first.

📝 The Assignment: "The Breadcrumb Trail"

The Goal: Create a program that lets a user type in as many names as they want. When they type "QUIT", the program prints the names back in reverse order and clears all memory.

The Twist: You are not allowed to use an array. You cannot use name[100]. You must use a Linked List.
1. The Structure

In a linked list, every piece of data lives in a "Node." Each node contains the data AND a pointer to the next node.
C

typedef struct Node {
    char *name;          // The "Payload" (on the heap!)
    struct Node *next;   // The "Link" to the next box
} Node;

2. The Logic (The "Stack" approach)

    Create a pointer called head and set it to NULL.

    Inside a while loop, get a name from the user.

    malloc a new Node.

    strdup the user's string into newNode->name.

    The Magic Trick: * Set newNode->next = head;

        Set head = newNode; (This puts the new name at the front of the line, like adding a bead to a string).

3. The Cleanup (The Graduation Requirement)

Since you are the "Zero Leak" champion, you must write a loop at the end that:

    Saves the next pointer.

    Frees the name string.

    Frees the Node itself.

    Moves to the next pointer and repeats until the whole list is gone.

Why this is the "Next Level"

With your array of names, you had to count the lines first. With a Linked List, the program grows and shrinks exactly as needed. If the user enters 1 name, you have 1 node. If they enter 1 million, you have 1 million. This is the foundation of how "undo" buffers, music playlists, and even those "Football Manager" scout reports are built.
Your Deliverable:

Try to write main.c to handle this. Don't worry about files; just use scanf or fgets to get names from the keyboard.

Are you ready to try to define your first Node struct and see if you can "hook" two of them together?
